README.md, before:

# AbleMouse

## ✨ Open-source alternative to solutions like **MouthPad®**, **eye-trackers**, or even complex systems like **Neuralink**.
> ❤️Control your mouse with just tongue movements or simple touches on fully customizable pedals with any available body part.
High-precision & affordable: the DIY (do it yourself) assistive solution


## Key Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Universal Accessibility** | Helps both completely immobile users and those with minimal motor skills. You can use our solution with just your tongue, even with total paralysis. |
| **Wireless Freedom** | Full Bluetooth control without cables |
| **Multi-Platform Support** | Works on Windows, macOS, and Android |
| **Ultra-Low Cost** | All components cost less than $10 USD |
| **Open Source & hackable** | DIY. Assemble and customize it yourself in a garage, workshop, or makerspace. All instructions and code are openly available.

## Who Is It For?

- People with **ALS** (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis), spinal cord injuries, muscular dystrophy
- Those undergoing **rehabilitation after stroke**
- **Parents, teachers, and activists** who want to provide affordable help
- Anyone who believes **assistive technology should be a right, not a privilege**

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions! Here's how you can help:

1. **Spread the Word** - Share with communities who might benefit
2. **Improve Documentation** - Help make guides clearer and more accessible
3. **Develop Features** - Implement new functionality or platform support
4. **Test and Report** - Try building and report any issues

![AbleMouse Demo](https://via.placeholder.com/800x400.png?text=AbleMouse+Demo)

## How It Works

### Hardware Requirements
*Details coming soon*

### Software Requirements  
*Details coming soon*

### Assembly Steps

1. **Download** firmware and software from GitHub
2. **Assemble** device based on Arduino board
3. **Attach** sensor near mouth or movable body part
4. **Connect** via Bluetooth and customize sensitivity
5. **Control** your computer with movements

![Assembly Diagram](https://via.placeholder.com/600x300.png?text=Assembly+Diagram)

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse.git

# Navigate to firmware
cd AbleMouse/firmware

# Open in Arduino IDE, install libraries, upload to board

# Install desktop app
cd ../software
# Follow platform-specific instructions
```

## Documentation

- [Full Assembly Instructions](docs/ASSEMBLY.md)
- [Software Installation Guide](docs/INSTALLATION.md)
- [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [Customization Options](docs/CUSTOMIZATION.md)
- [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)

## Support

- 📖 [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)
- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse/issues)
- 💬 [Community Discussions](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse/discussions)
- 📧 Email: your-email@example.com

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### Connect With Us

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Learn%20More-green)](https://your-website.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20Community-purple?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/your-invite-link)

**#Accessibility #AssistiveTech #OpenSource #DIY #Innovation**

Commit message:

🚧 Page in progress — will complete it by the end of August 2025

README.md, after:

🚧 Page in progress — will complete it by the end of August 2025

# AbleMouse

## ✨ Open-source alternative to solutions like **MouthPad®**, **eye-trackers**, or even complex systems like **Neuralink**.
> ❤️Control your mouse with just tongue movements or simple touches on fully customizable pedals with any available body part.
High-precision & affordable: the DIY (do it yourself) assistive solution


## Key Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Universal Accessibility** | Helps both completely immobile users and those with minimal motor skills. You can use our solution with just your tongue, even with total paralysis. |
| **Wireless Freedom** | Full Bluetooth control without cables |
| **Multi-Platform Support** | Works on Windows, macOS, and Android |
| **Ultra-Low Cost** | All components cost less than $10 USD |
| **Open Source & hackable** | DIY. Assemble and customize it yourself in a garage, workshop, or makerspace. All instructions and code are openly available.

## Who Is It For?

- People with **ALS** (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis), spinal cord injuries, muscular dystrophy
- Those undergoing **rehabilitation after stroke**
- **Parents, teachers, and activists** who want to provide affordable help
- Anyone who believes **assistive technology should be a right, not a privilege**

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions! Here's how you can help:

1. **Spread the Word** - Share with communities who might benefit
2. **Improve Documentation** - Help make guides clearer and more accessible
3. **Develop Features** - Implement new functionality or platform support
4. **Test and Report** - Try building and report any issues

![AbleMouse Demo](https://via.placeholder.com/800x400.png?text=AbleMouse+Demo)

## How It Works

### Hardware Requirements
*Details coming soon*

### Software Requirements  
*Details coming soon*

### Assembly Steps

1. **Download** firmware and software from GitHub
2. **Assemble** device based on Arduino board
3. **Attach** sensor near mouth or movable body part
4. **Connect** via Bluetooth and customize sensitivity
5. **Control** your computer with movements

![Assembly Diagram](https://via.placeholder.com/600x300.png?text=Assembly+Diagram)

## Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse.git

# Navigate to firmware
cd AbleMouse/firmware

# Open in Arduino IDE, install libraries, upload to board

# Install desktop app
cd ../software
# Follow platform-specific instructions
```

## Documentation

- [Full Assembly Instructions](docs/ASSEMBLY.md)
- [Software Installation Guide](docs/INSTALLATION.md)
- [Troubleshooting Guide](docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [Customization Options](docs/CUSTOMIZATION.md)
- [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)

## Support

- 📖 [FAQ](docs/FAQ.md)
- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse/issues)
- 💬 [Community Discussions](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse/discussions)
- 📧 Email: your-email@example.com

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### Connect With Us

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue?logo=github)](https://github.com/your-username/AbleMouse)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Learn%20More-green)](https://your-website.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20Community-purple?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/your-invite-link)

**#Accessibility #AssistiveTech #OpenSource #DIY #Innovation**
